ever wanted to be invisible well
science is getting closer to
making that fantasy or reality
hey guys Julia here for dnews
so invisibility cloak seem like
the realm of fantasy but science
is working on it
we see things when light bounces
off an object and reaches our
eyes to make something invisible
to our eyes researchers have to
find ways to bend light or other
forms of electromagnetic
radiation around an object
previous versions of an
invisibility cloak were less of
a cloak and looked more like a
medical device one involved a
series of lenses that bend light
around an object you can find
out more about that here in
Amy's video but scalability
proved to be an issue
it couldn't cover large or
irregularly shaped objects like
a human body for example
it was really limited to simple
objects like a cylinder and only
at specific viewing angles
if you were to walk around the
object it would be visible but
in the two-year sentence other
researchers have come up with
their own versions of an
invisibility cloak
a team of researchers at UC
Berkeley came up with a
metamaterial that super thin
according to a paper published
in the journal Science the thing
cloak is only 80 nanometers
thick made up of tiny gold
antennas that make you think
you're looking at a flat surface
and set up a three-dimensional
object
it's because this metal material
changes the way light is
scattered when we look at
someone our brains work to
interpret the way light is
scattered by their face and body
but the cloak disrupt the way
light scatters so instead of
seeing the person in front of us
we would see a flat surface
pretty clever huh one of the
authors of the study told The
Washington Post that each
antenna is designed to react to
the light and scattered back and
it's so thin that it actually
acts like a cloak by wrapping
around the object is hiding the
benefit of this material is that
it can cloak irregularly shaped
objects like the human body for
example but don't get too
excited
so far the material can only
cover an object about one square
millimeter about the size of a
grain of sand
so that's very tiny and only at
a very specific wavelengths of
light
so while we're inching closer to
a true invisibility cloak we've
got some major hurdles to jump
over first since we're playing
with light waves embedding them
and scattering them at will
things start to get a little
strange
it does a weird time you whiny
thing and reflecting and
scattering light it actually
delays light it delays the
reflection
so there's a lag effect where
the image appear slower than the
thing that it's reflecting like
time is moving at two different
rates
so if you're walking by a
cloaked invisible box a bird
flying by would pass at normal
speed but if it flew inside the
box it would be a few seconds
slower and most of the cloak so
far have to stay still
as soon as you move the illusion
is broken you've heard of the
Doppler fact that's where the
sound of pitch changes as
objects moves past you
that's because of how the sound
waves are emitted when an object
is moving fast
it changes the space between the
waves those changing the pitch
and according to a study
published in the journal
Physical Review a a similar
thing causes a fast-moving
clothes object to appear visible
basically the frequency of the
light waves changes as an object
moves which causes distortions
in the image and as the object
moves faster these changes get
more noticeable
which kind of defeats the
purpose of a cloak in the first
place
the other issue with these kinds
of invisibility close is that
while it might make an object
invisible if someone were inside
of that object they couldn't see
out but this paper also makes
the case that these distortions
when actually enable someone in
the cloak to be able to see out
so perhaps their solutions on
the horizon for some of the
tricky science behind
invisibility cloaks for now I'm
just gonna go read some fantasy
books until science perfects it
if you want an incredible
behind-the-scenes look at the
james webb space telescope
make sure to check out
discoveries brand-new
documentary telescope the world
premiere is this Saturday
februari 20th and 9pm on the
discovery channel will be
watching - it's crazy to think
about how technology is making
fantasy a reality
like scientists are already
working on mind control to learn
more about that check out this
episode right here recently
Chinese researchers introduce a
prototype for a mine controlled
car
this particular technology uses
an EEG or electroencephalogram
made up of 16 sensors on a cat
that reads electric signals from
the brain
alright guys so what kind of
techne you want to see in the
future invisibility cloaks mind
control
let us know down in the comments
below don't forget to hit those
like and subscribe buttons and
keep coming back to dnews so you
don't miss a single episode
yeah